# DfMSkills2024_TimberAssmebly

One-week workshop using Timber assembly. The goal of the workshop is to learn the principles of robotic manufacturing using Grasshopper visual programming applied to timber assembly. The students have the assignment of choosing a stock material, assembly logic, and overall design. 
<br/>
Day 1:  A short lecture was given on state-of-the-art timber assembly research followed by a step-by-step demo of a sample Grasshopper script. Following that, the students are split into groups of 3-4 and asked to develop a design idea. After a couple of hours, tutorials were held to provide some guidance on the design development. For the rest of the day, students work independently in developing their design and toolpaths using Grasshopper and using other rapid manufacturing tools to manufacture other parts of the robot set-up as required. The main is to get the students up to speed with Grasshopper programming of robotic toolpaths for pick and place.
Day 2: BY now the students should have agreed on, and fabricated the basic building blocks for their design as well as a basic set of rules for their aggregation logic. Each group assembles a test structure. The goal is to understand the programming to manufacturing workflow, and the set-up limitations and constraints and work around them or modify the set-up to accommodate each project. The students should keep developing their group project, gradually adding more features to the code to achieve a more complex system.
Day 3: Each group should start developing a scaled-up version of their design, integrating the information they have gained on the previous day on the manufacturing constraints of their particular assembly logic.
